Supplement the admin stores configuration list with missing data (#1227)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/configuration-overview.md

[Catalog configuration]({% link configuration/catalog.md %}) settings determine product and inventory settings, controls sitemap and RSS feed generation, and specifies the email template that is used to share products with friends.

### Security

> [Security]({% link configuration/security.md %}) settings determine security settings, 2FA authentication and Google reCapture feature.

Author: Done ✅

[Sales configuration]({% link configuration/sales.md %}) determines checkout and tax settings, payment and shipping options, sales email and PDF print-outs, and Google API settings.

### Yotpo

> [Yotpo]({% link configuration/yotpo.md %}) settings determine the Yotpo module, reviews, and visual marketing settings.

Author: Done ✅

### Sales Channels

> [Sales Chanel]({% link configuration/sales-channels.md %}) settings determine the clear log history, background tasks source, debag login, and read-only mode setting. Only available when Amazon Sales Channel is configured.

Author: Done ✅

### Dotdigital

> [Dotdigital]({% link configuration/dotdigital.md %}) settings determine the Dotdigital marketing solution setting. Allows set the build segments and triggers, data mapping, and creates a relevant account and marketing campaigns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Dotdigital]({% link configuration/dotdigital.md %}) settings configure the Dotdigital marketing feature. It configures the build segments and triggers, data mapping, and lets you create a relevant account and marketing campaigns.
```

Author: Done ✅
